fix(docs): remove breaking change tags in migration guide (#6250)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/green-eels-brush.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Removed all breaking changes tags in the migration guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cleaned up the migration guide by removing redundant "breaking" tags in the "Migration from v9 to v10" section, since all listed changes are breaking.
```
